after their plane crashes in alaska six
oil workers are led by a skilled
huntsman to survival but a pack of
merciless wolves haunts their every step
in today's video we'll be recapping a
film called the gray enjoy this video
[Music]
john otway works in alaska killing the
wolves that threaten an oil drilling
team we see a scene of him shooting a
wolf and then watching with his hand on
it almost as though he's sorry for it
as it breaths more and more slowly and
finally dies on his last day on the job
otway writes a letter to his wife anna
who has left him
that he plans to commit suicide he goes
out that night and holds the barrel of
the winchester model 70 to his mouth
when he is about to pull the trigger he
hears the howl of a wolf far away which
stops him he goes back inside and joins
the others that same night the team in
otway head home on a plane he meets one
of the drilling team members todd
flannery otway then takes a nap and the
plane takes off they experience quite a
bit of turbulence during the flight but
it eventually settles later on while
dreaming of his wife otway is awoken by
a loud thudding sound and is met by
extremely cold temperature he looks out
the window and sees the wing on fire he
secures himself with the seat belts of
his in the adjacent seat the roof is
ripped off the plane and then it crashes
in the blizzard otway then sees a vision
of his wife but awakens to find one of
the team lewindon mortally wounded
ottway calms him letting him know that
he is going to die and then lewinden
dies peacefully otway sets the survivors
to task collecting material for a fire
he sees a woman in need of help but
finds her being eaten by a gray wolf who
also attacks him he is rescued by the
others and explains that they are most
likely in the wolves territory after
starting a fire the survivors take turns
keeping watch while urinating hernandez
is killed by two wolves the remaining
survivors find his body in the morning
and otway suggests that they leave the
crash site because they are wide open to
attack before they leave atway and the
others remove the wallets from many of
the bodies with the intention of
returning them to surviving family
members hendrick says a prayer and
thanks god for allowing them to survive
the crash and then the survivors leave
the crash site while hiking across the
snow flannery falls behind and is killed
by three wolves the remaining survivors
continue on nightfall soon arrives and
it's noticeably more difficult for the
group to trek the snow
diaz spots something in the distance
moving quickly towards them they realize
that it is a pack of wolves that is
chasing after them they run towards the
nearby trees to take cover quickly they
collect some small branches and use a
lighter to make a fire
while the wolves can be heard violently
rustling and howling in the surrounding
trees they make camp in the woods and
set up small perimeter fires around them
otway tells them that they will need to
fight so they sharpen some branches to
make spears diaz begins to question and
defy otway's plans tension soon arises
between the both of them diaz threatens
otway with his knife but is disarmed by
otway the survivors then meet the alpha
wolf who has been watching them
it then returns to the trees and sends
an omega to test diaz however the
survivors are able to kill the wolf and
eat it diaz then severs its head and
throws it back as a symbol of defiance
the wolves begin howling all throughout
the trees the group then travel further
and eventually stop to build a campfire
and get some rest for the night they
start a conversation diaz tells the
group how the men who died aren't in
heaven and that there is no god talget
states that he believes in god but otway
confesses that he is also an atheist but
he wishes that he could believe burke is
really sick the effects of hypoxia are
wearing him down drastically he awakens
and he begins to hallucinate he calls
out for emma his late sister who died
when he was just a kid he goes back to
sleep this leads talgat to talk about
his daughter mary who he misses very
much and wants to get back home to the
group then bonds over personal stories
otway talks about his father who had a
love for poetry he speaks of one poem
his father had framed above his desk in
his den an entitled poem only four lines
long
and he had only realized when he was
older that his father had written it a
blizzard approaches and they try to
preserve the campfire to prevent
hypothermia despite their best efforts
otway finds burke's frozen lifeless body
in the morning further in their travels
the survivors come to a dead end
a high canyon wall they can hear water
and realize they must be close to a
river which suggests a higher chance of
finding shelter
they decide that they will have to find
a way across or be eaten by the wolves
they tie some cloth together to create a
line and then tie one into a tree and
the other end to hendrick he jumps to
the trees on the other end to secure a
line as a means of traverse d as in
ottwe make it across the line to join
hendrick talget who is afraid of heights
then makes his way after everyone else
has crossed he moves slowly and
cautiously and ends up losing his
glasses along the way he looks down and
immediately freezes out of fear he
reluctantly continues across but soon
finds his injured hand has begun
bleeding and his leg gets caught up in
the makeshift rope he struggles to
untangle himself but the line breaks and
he crashes through the trees and onto
the ground now wounded he sees a vision
of his daughter and he hears her tell
him that she loves him before he is
dragged away by the wolves otway
hendrick and diaz make their way down
the tree to rescue him but are too late
while climbing down diaz falls from the
tree and injures his knee the three
continue their trek and make it to the
river but an exhausted and hurt diaz can
make it no further
preferring to stay and die then go on
hendrick tries to convince diaz to carry
on but diaz says that he's given up he
sees no point in going on and even if he
were to survive he'd have to continue
living a life that he has grown tired of
he gives hendrick his wallet they give
each other their final goodbyes in otway
and hendrick leave diaz on the riverside
as the crackling of branches caused by
wolves is heard in the distance otway
and hendrick continue but are soon
chased by wolves again fleeing hendrick
falls in the river and he gets his foot
stuck between underwater rocks ottway
jumps into the river to attempt to save
him but hendrick drowns in the river
freezing in alone otway then curses god
and asks for his help with no response
otway continues on without his wet coat
but he is eventually dazed from
hypothermia taking effect he then stops
and pulls out each wallet collected from
the dead examines the mementos they
contain and places them in a pile on the
snow
adding his own wallet as well suddenly
the pack of wolves surrounds him leading
ottway to discover that he has walked
right into their den he is soon spotted
by the alpha wolf while the other pack
members back off otway sees another
vision of his wife which now reveals
that she was dying on a hospital bed
and suggests the reason for his earlier
attempted suicide deciding to make a
stand he tapes broken miniature alcohol
bottles to his fist and a knife to his
other hand he recites his father's poem
aloud to himself the meaning of the poem
is that everyone has to die at some
point but it is what kind of a life
someone lived that will determine their
outcome on the inside though it reflects
a man struggling to keep moving on in
life otway then charges the alpha wolf
before the screen goes black
in a post-credits scene the back of
otway's head is seen laying on the side
of the presumably dying alpha-wolf's
stomach as it breeds more and more
slowly succumbing to its wounds
[Music]